c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.exe
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.pdb
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.exe
c:\users\ian.rich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.pdb
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\cherub-flying-arms.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\FireBall.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\floor.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\IntroScreen.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\LoseScreen.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\powerUp.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tempCherub.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tower.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\WinScreen.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\Courier New.spritefont
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\ninja_stand.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.exe
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.pdb
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\cherub-flying-arms.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\FireBall.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\floor.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\IntroScreen.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\LoseScreen.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\ninja_stand.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\powerUp.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tempCherub.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tower.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\WinScreen.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\Courier New.spritefont
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.exe
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.pdb
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.exe
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.pdb
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\cherub-flying-arms.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\FireBall.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\floor.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\IntroScreen.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\LoseScreen.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\ninja_stand.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\powerUp.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tempCherub.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\tower.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\WinScreen.png
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\Courier New.spritefont
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.exe
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.pdb
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\obj\x86\Debug\NinjaGaiDemake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ian.rich\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\ninja_sword.png
C:\Users\Ian\Documents\GitHub\NinjaGaiDemake\NinjaGaiDemake\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\ninja_sword.png
